feat(components): Add component changelog (core-3) (#2875)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/reference/components/versioning.mdx

---
title: Component Versioning
description: Learn how Clerk versions its components, and how to specify a specific version if necessary.
sdk: react, nextjs, js-frontend, chrome-extension, expo, android, expressjs, fastify, react-router, remix, tanstack-react-start, go, astro, nuxt, vue, ruby, js-backend
---

Clerk's components are versioned independently from the core Clerk JavaScript SDK, and updates are pushed out when a new release is triggered. This allows most applications to receive regular component updates and refinements without needing to manually update dependencies.

For users that rely on advanced customization of Clerk's components, you must specify an explicit component version. This ensures your application is not impacted by component updates that might change the DOM structure in a way that breaks custom CSS.

## `@clerk/ui` package

> Clerk's components are published under the `@clerk/ui` npm package. While this package is published to npm and contains the code for Clerk's components, it is intended to be used in combination with Clerk's core JavaScript SDK, where it provides the implementation for Clerk's prebuilt components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clerk's components are published under the `@clerk/ui` npm package. While this package is published separately to npm, it is intended to be used in combination with Clerk's core JavaScript SDK, where it provides the implementation for Clerk's prebuilt components.
```
